In room, dreams > goes backwards.
is in school > goes foreward back home to same room.
eats, reads, throws paper plane.
cover put over him by parent/guardian

dis boy sure likes flying
goes from house direkt to school
falls asleep in class.
is woken up & kicked out by teachers

gets a snap from [redacted]
he forgot his umbrella
jumpy trees move, creepy music

stop reminding me that i can move arrowy
gets the urge to call [redacted] sky,
kung fu!

bidy > let it all go now
recalls everything i recall when i realize i recalled something. -ish
can’t move .. _ .

birdy is a good türsteher.
peep…..! save the day i mean world i mean bird!! ? !
don’t take it home you fool.!
fun with tree…s
so coincidentally finds animal nursery. please do not put bird in postbox

finds own 152 home again?
not much of a challenge
y u hidin? & stop sneeking
it’s your own house….

none of the deus have good lights
blanki gone big bird water?
swoosh sky bird are you afraid
i am a father now tricky bastard
bread doesn’t contain enough
nutrients to feed a bird +
what’s stopping you
MARRY POPPINS

i can’t believe you’ve just done this
four and twenty blackbirds
promoted to doctor.
pwease no cages
she sure likes animals.
me house is in the wild …
[checkmark] retreived paper plane. ok
and it be raining in me house
so much water hopping
woterplane?!

[eye] + [boy]
.. can’t steal his blue bag…
ducky …. MOON
and bubbles. & blue mushroom
too fast for myself
so I took A walk
moon & city so pretty
(having meat. not ours [smiling face] oh
BIG PAPER PLANE boy you gon die
& it’s magic

i want the city as my background
floating island.. or mountain:
OR beach…

pwease don’t let the teacher be…
me ma…
just a bad dream? or a million
classic door trick.
evil twin ghost. sth ’bout time man.
attention span is evaporating

birdy found home after crash [smiling face]
they… stopped ignoring him..
real big trees don’t move
and back to where we started ^__^
